README.md, before:

# ritter-epistolae
An analysis of poetic language in Latin epistles of Paulus Ritter Vitezović (1652-1713). This repository is part of the [eponymous OSF project](https://osf.io/ek6pt/).

## How to use

Clone the repository using Git. Replicate the databases using BaseX and XQuery scripts. Replicate the queries with the scripts.

## Contents

+ [data](data): TEI XML editions of Ritter's epistles, prepared by Violeta Moretti and Gorana Stepanić
+ [xq](xq): XQueries to create and analyse XML databases of Ritter's and Ovid's poetic letter
+ [reports](reports): results of XQueries as HTML pages
+ [papers](papers): slides and text of the paper by Stepanić, presented at the Colloquium Marulianum XXVI, Split 2016 (in Croatian)

### Queries and results

See the descriptions in [xq/howto.md](xq/howto.md).

## The team
+ Violeta Moretti, University Juraj Dobrila of Pula
+ Gorana Stepanić, University Juraj Dobrila of Pula
+ [Neven Jovanović](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9119-399X), University of Zagreb, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences

## License

[CC-BY](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Add CTS-compatible TEI XML files; create wordlists for analysis

README.md, after:

# ritter-epistolae
An analysis of poetic language in Latin epistles of Paulus Ritter Vitezović (1652-1713). This repository is part of the [eponymous OSF project](https://osf.io/ek6pt/).

## How to use

Clone the repository using Git. Replicate the databases using BaseX and XQuery scripts. Replicate the queries with the scripts.

## Contents

+ [data](data): TEI XML editions of Ritter's epistles, prepared by Violeta Moretti and Gorana Stepanić; the [vitezov01](data/vitezov01) directory contains CTS-compatible TEI XML editions of all of Ritter's texts available in CroALa (added January 2018)
+ [xq](xq): XQueries to create and analyse XML databases of Ritter's and Ovid's poetic letter
+ [reports](reports): results of XQueries as HTML pages; the [wordlists](reports/wordlists) directory contains list of words used in Ritter's epistles (added January 2018)
+ [papers](papers): slides and text of the paper by Stepanić, presented at the Colloquium Marulianum XXVI, Split 2016 (in Croatian)

### Queries and results

See the descriptions in [xq/howto.md](xq/howto.md).

## The team
+ Violeta Moretti, University Juraj Dobrila of Pula
+ Gorana Stepanić, University Juraj Dobrila of Pula
+ [Neven Jovanović](http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9119-399X), University of Zagreb, Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences

## License

[CC-BY](LICENSE.md)
